absolution try to bring in superior
enemy yeah do not use back bitches to
celebrate Tom's return to television
tsunamis back bitches and we've got it
all in
bleach kicks things off at midnight
followed by deadman wonderland at
twelve-thirty casshern sins at one next
Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood at 1 30p
ghost in the shell stand alone complex
second cake too and cowboy bebop brings
us to blows at to third then we flip the
switch to start the whole thing over
again at 3am
bang only Toonami on adult swim he was
stoked about it as I am that's it for
bleach i just gave you gold you should
be laughing that was some funny deadman
wonderland is next on toonami savage
mass murder of over two dozen middle
school children that has led to
conviction of 14 year olds
Rob I wanna
in the spirit of rising up from the
ashes we're gonna kick off the new
tsunami with a review for a
post-apocalyptic xbox live game called I
am Alive it's basically a video game
version of the movie the road some sort
of catastrophe happened everything's
covered in radioactive dust in the world
thats hanging on by a thread you play a
strapping young man who's out to find
his wife and kit and get out of Dodge
all you have to work with is what you
can scrounge up and that ain't much
hunters bow worth a try you do meet some
people out in the wasteland some would
need help of course sweetie I wouldn't
leave you here then others with just bad
news a big mistake what are you doing
here boy you're never too far from being
out of everything at the wrong time so
manage your inventory carefully I am
Alive as far from perfect it's not super
polished and it's pretty short but this
is right up my alley tsunami gives I am
Alive and ate at its end this is the way
the girl dance
human sure are paranoid about robots
taking over we would never do anything
like that let her go walk away who do
you think you are now watch casshern
sins next
myself my enemies call me
casshern sins is over but Toonami is not
you two are a couple of reckless
wretches who pops trouble with every
last thing you do get out of here right
now get ready for Fullmetal Alchemist
Brotherhood next flight could be North
beautiful thing didn't work that puts
your soul at risk that's what it means
to
no more Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood
for now
I swear the sidewalks are not stand
alone complex second gig is coming up
next on toonami
what is all of this mean
stand alone complex 2nd gig now
continues who do you think you are I'm
an impatient 10 tsunami that's all for
standalone complex 2nd gig go ahead and
run how far do you think you're good
you're a bounty hunter yeah that's right
cowboy bebop is firing up next on
toonami airs for take shit is on the
duck
and now back to cowboy bebop
thought that was my life
on tsunami